hi YouTube it's Katerina here and you're
going to see a special episode of
domestic divas that's right my friend
Kathy and I just made check ology no
bake cookies and we don't really make
anything so this is kind of a big deal
for us I found the recipe on Team
Beachbody calm in the newsletter section
if you just search for the word on
psychology or cookies try cookies it
should come up if you can't find it send
me a message and I'll give to you take a
look
here's our content so we got in there
video stuff oats almond butter and
butter ready on on honey whoo what are
we making cookies
oh my god it's no junkie lemme scoops
almond butter honey I love it delicious
I'm so pretty Oh God okay and laughing
whoo comes in there that's a Shakeology
whoo we're debating who has to stick
their hands in their cats going to she
volunteered already know I'm saying yeah
nope do it Oh looks kind of like brownie
mix it smells good we just want to know
how it's gonna taste how's that how's
that arm over there
hi guys we just made Shakeology cookies
whoo really beautiful she's gonna eat it
first do it go she took the ball version
not the panty version he does it all has
here go something I don't offer a lot to
show throwing up on this but nothin is
it good it's good Thursday equity though
good what is the work we've learned how
to bake or Lou no man homemade cookie
allergy but the recipe below hi
tops fix it charted it costs and so much
variety Russell